Auto reauth mqtt entry when the broker add-on is re-installed (#34423)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mqtt.markdown

The easiest option is to install the official Mosquitto Broker add-on. You can choose to set up and configure this add-on automatically when you set up the MQTT integration. Home Assistant will automatically generate and assign a safe username and password, and no further attention is required. This also works if you have already set up this add-on yourself in advance.
You can set up additional logins for your MQTT devices and services using the [Mosquitto add-on configuration](https://my.home-assistant.io/create-link/?redirect=supervisor_addon&addon=core_mosquitto).

{% important %}

> When MQTT is set up with the official Mosquitto MQTT broker add-on, the brokers credentials are generated and kept secret. If the official Mosquitto MQTT broker needs to be re-installed, make sure you save a copy of the add-on user options, like the additional logins. After re-install of the add-on, the MQTT integration will automatically update the new password for the re-installed broker, and will reconnect automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When MQTT is set up with the official Mosquitto MQTT broker add-on, the broker's credentials are generated and kept secret. If the official Mosquitto MQTT broker needs to be re-installed, make sure you save a copy of the add-on user options, like the additional logins. After re-installing the add-on, the MQTT integration will automatically update the new password for the re-installed broker. It will then reconnect automatically.
```
